scripts/README.md, before:

## Packages Supported:
<!--readme_update start packages -->
- Playerctl - Playerctl command-line controller and library - https://github.com/acrisci/playerctl
- Discord - Discord chat vocale e testuale - https://discordapp.com/
- Mailspring - The best mail client - https://getmailspring.com/
- Spotify - Spotify client music for all - https://www.spotify.com
- Idea - IntelliJ IDEA Community edition - https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/
- Gitkraken - GitKraken Git Client and Glo Boards to build epic software - https://www.gitkraken.com/
- Googlechrome - Google Chrome browser - https://www.google.it/chrome/
- Rambox - Rambox workspace browser - https://rambox.pro
- Skype - Skype for linux instant chat and VoIP - https://www.skype.com/
- Nvidiadriver - NVIDIA driver support of Geforce 4xx and higher GPUs - https://wiki.debian.org/NvidiaGraphicsDrivers
- Light - Light GNU/Linux application to control backlights - http://haikarainen.github.io/light
- Oh-my-zsh - zsh + oh-my-zsh - https://ohmyz.sh/
- Virtualbox - VirtualBox is a general-purpose full virtualizer for x86 hardware - https://www.virtualbox.org
- Steam - Steam ultimate entertainment platform - https://store.steampowered.com/about
- Pycharm - Pycharm Community edition - https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/
- Dropbox - Dropbox cloud storage - https://www.dropbox.com/
- I3gaps - i3 gaps is i3 with more features - https://github.com/Airblader/i3
- Eclipseinstaller - Eclipse IDE installer - https://www.eclipse.org/
- Atom - Atom Text Editor - https://atom.io/
- Slack - Slack can help your team work together and get things done - https://slack.com/
- Nodejs - NodeJs JavaScript runtime - https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#installation-instructions
- Javajdk11 - Java jdk 11 with path setup - https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html
<!--readme_update end packages -->

Commit message:

Add (script/*): create several new script
* Add (script/*): create several new script
	new file:   etcher.sh
	new file:   franz.sh
	new file:   notable.sh
	new file:   ramme.sh
	new file:   rofi.sh
	new file:   simplenote.sh
	new file:   telegram.sh
	new file:   tweet-tray.sh
	new file:   windows95.sh

Closes #109
Closes #110
Closes #111
Closes #112
Closes #113
Closes #114
Closes #115

* Fix (scripts/i3gaps.sh): fix the script to remove useles directory
	modified:   scripts/i3gaps.sh

* fix (scripts/telegram): fix telegram shortcut name

* Update (readme_updater.py): update imported modules

* Add (script/wavebox): new chat desktop application

* Rename (scripts): rename scripts.

* Update etcher.sh

* Fix etcher description error

* fix (readme_updater.py): fix python readme updater script

scripts/README.md, after:

## Packages Supported:
<!--readme_update start packages -->
- Wavebox - Wavebox a focused workspace for all your web apps - https://wavebox.io
- Playerctl - Playerctl command-line controller and library - https://github.com/acrisci/playerctl
- Discord - Discord voice and text chat - https://discordapp.com/
- Godot - Godot the game engine open source - https://godotengine.org/
- Mailspring - The best mail client - https://getmailspring.com/
- Spotify - Spotify client music for all - https://www.spotify.com
- Idea - IntelliJ IDEA Community edition - https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/
- Node - NodeJs JavaScript runtime - https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#installation-instructions
- Gitkraken - GitKraken Git Client and Glo Boards to build epic software - https://www.gitkraken.com/
- Simplenote - Simplenote a React app packaged via Electron for Windows and Linux - https://github.com/Automattic/simplenote-electron
- Rambox - Rambox workspace browser - https://rambox.pro
- Ramme - Ramme unofficial Instagram Desktop App - https://github.com/terkelg/ramme
- Jdk11 - Java jdk 11 with path setup - https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html
- Skype - Skype for linux instant chat and VoIP - https://www.skype.com/
- Trello - An unofficial Trello desktop app - https://github.com/danielchatfield/trello-desktop
- Notable - Notable the markdown based note taking app that doesn't suck - https://github.com/notable/notable
- Franz - Franz messaging app - https://meetfranz.com
- Nvidiadriver - NVIDIA driver support of Geforce 4xx and higher GPUs - https://wiki.debian.org/NvidiaGraphicsDrivers
- Code - Visual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor - https://code.visualstudio.com/
- Light - Light GNU/Linux application to control backlights - http://haikarainen.github.io/light
- Chrome - Google Chrome browser - https://www.google.it/chrome/
- Tweet-tray - Tweet-tray tweet quickly from the desktop without any distractions - https://github.com/jonathontoon/tweet-tray
- Oh-my-zsh - zsh + oh-my-zsh - https://ohmyz.sh/
- Virtualbox - VirtualBox is a general-purpose full virtualizer for x86 hardware - https://www.virtualbox.org
- Springtoolsuite - Spring Tools 4 is the next generation of Spring tooling for your favorite coding environment - https://spring.io/tools
- Steam - Steam ultimate entertainment platform - https://store.steampowered.com/about
- Pycharm - Pycharm Community edition - https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/
- Dropbox - Dropbox cloud storage - https://www.dropbox.com/
- Etcher - Etcher flash OS images to SD cards & USB drives, safely and easily - https://github.com/balena-io/etcher
- I3gaps - i3 gaps is i3 with more features - https://github.com/Airblader/i3
- Telegram - Telegram Fast and secure desktop app, perfectly synced with your mobile phoneDesktop - https://desktop.telegram.org/
- Eclipseinstaller - Eclipse IDE installer - https://www.eclipse.org/
- Atom - Atom Text Editor - https://atom.io/
- Windows95 - Windows95 win95 in Electron. Runs on macOS, Linux, and Windows - https://github.com/felixrieseberg/windows95
- Slack - Slack can help your team work together and get things done - https://slack.com/
<!--readme_update end packages -->
